when everyone is as i am mister wolf
sergio welcome to a new video
first of all comment here in the
comments that horror videos want
let him play that game sorry that game of
terror you want me to play and leave your me
like to reach the mind of 500 lex
500 likes in this video leave your likes
at least 500 ex support me remember
I want you to comment on that game
terror they want me to play for the
next videos and today I'm going to
make a little song that is a
adaptation of the first open intenar
tozzi puden in Spanish that is created by
magician king if they want to find the videos
of magician king plays the magician king opening of
naruto on youtube as in the opening of
naruto that you want and they are going to
find very good they did not do the
newer opening but to the improvement
then they do it so go and leave
I like his videos we are also going to
start with my humiliation I stressed them
that I would not sing this, nothing more
then because many people had me
order
so subscribe is integrated
subscribe subscribe subscribe because
I do not tell you in the end because it's no longer
the pure song can be
he stressed that he will not have music
because youtube would seem very
funny and I would molaría in the video by
I shall follow the opponent dictating the big
time
and the echo of pain that can shake
one after the other that have devastated the
gante racing now you can prepare
help ends the battle takes power
from this boy I horizon to the wound before
that worsens remember that each triumph
that you can help you change a
story that the world wakes up
foot you must be brave to be faster
than any snake to the end
it must be very strong that the world
wake up our beings will return more
strong challenged even to death and
says three two one screams what you
you want to suffer that will advise between
kilos should be having this heart
hurt all the suffering is not you
destination the desert sand protects you
on your way to fight to fight in this
crusade alone you're never going to be will be the
puppet missiles move and each
movement of and control takes my hand and
let's go together to the battle accept
our help that we are trustworthy
although I'm not sure that you can
make it reach the top and fulfill
all your dreams is to be able to reach a
goal to conquer to overcome the same fear
That in
apple I know it's not so easy
but everything can be defeat your demons
and so you're going to grow the art of explosion
of some emotion comes directly
from the heart or are the eternal things
that leave a mark and that nobody
wait for this debate if it brings me the
art of the heroes that are will we
look maybe it may be that someday I
I will be an artist of life or some r not what
I know that the world wakes up because it depends
sometimes being brave to be faster than
any snake to the end must
to be very strong that the world awakes
our birds will become stronger
they challenged even death and says
321 credit by looking beyond what
you can see concentrate your farm you are the
best
even a loser can you defeat a
genius just do not need work
hard and effort is the spring that the
Youth exploits that training
yield fruits and no longer look at yourself in the mirror
and you'll see that you've grown everything
different from when you were a child in
this serious afternoon I can almost see the
big clouds rocks of this world try
the social storm here as it is not if
nothing like a giant truth
of enough will be like an illusion that
cause destruction take out terror more
great of my heart is like a
nightmare but I will be brave because I must
be my and fight to win or at least
try to overcome the same fear that we
prevents progress I know it is not so easy
but everything can be defeat your demons
and so you're going to grow take my hand and
let's go together to the battle accept
our help that we are trustworthy
although I'm not sure that you can
make it reach the top and fulfill
all your dreams that the world awakens
stand up you must be brave to be
faster than any snake up
the end must be very strong that the
world wake up our beings will return
stronger challenged even the
death and says three two one screams what